Okay, we're doing math now,
so let's start with something super simple; a vector.
Oh my gosh you're thinking,
a vector dah, I've seen this a million times.
Well, I just want to remind you that there are
a couple of different ways of thinking about a vector,
that we will transition between when discussing analysis methods.
First, a vector is a collection of numbers,
as in you might make a bunch of measurements and put them into
a column in a spreadsheet application and think of that as a vector.
For example, you could think of the returns of
several companies stocks on the same day as a vector.
But the other way to think of a vector,
which you may also be familiar with,
is as a direction in space.
Remember like a 3 D vector is also an arrow
pointing from the origin to a point in 3 D space.
These are both valid views and we'll need both to get to where we're going.
I want you to be comfortable with the idea that
we'll need to switch back and forth between them,
as we move through this content.